Describe specification for source size values (#38025)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/img/index.md

    Source size values specify the intended display size of the image. {{glossary("User agent", "User agents")}} use the current source size to select one of the sources supplied by the `srcset` attribute, when those sources are described using width (`w`) descriptors. The selected source size affects the {{glossary("intrinsic size")}} of the image (the image's display size if no {{glossary("CSS")}} styling is applied). If the `srcset` attribute is absent, or contains no values with a width descriptor, then the `sizes` attribute has no effect.

>     A source size value can be any non negative [length](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/length) apart from {percentage](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-values/#percentage-value) and must not use CSS functions other than the [math functions](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-values/#math-function). Note that all relative length units are relative to the document root rather than the img element, so an `em` value is relative to the root font size, rather than the font size of the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A source size value can be any non-negative [length](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/length). It must not use CSS functions other than the [math functions](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions#math_functions). Units are interpreted in the same way as [media queries](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_media_queries), meaning that all relative length units are relative to the document root rather than the `<img>` element, so an `em` value is relative to the root font size, rather than the font size of the image. [Percentage](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/percentage) values are not allowed.

    Additionally, you can use the value `auto` to replace the whole list of sizes or the first entry in the list. It is only valid when combined with `loading="lazy"`, and resolves to the [concrete size](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/image) of the image.
```
